Angel Terminators
###BREAK###
It's the year 1990 and the beautiful city of Hong Kong is under siege as the crime world goes 'turbo'. Triad leaders vie for power on the streets, drug trafficking is getting out of hand and the thin blue line that separates justice from anarchy is being erased. Within a few months time, the Triads will control every major crime activity in the Pacific Rim and no law enforcement agency in the world will be powerful enough to stop them. But all of that changes when the 'Angel Terminators' arrive, a new police force led by Detectives Ida and Hon, two close friends who are like sisters and watch each other's back in the line of duty. Ida and Hon are the best there is and they take on some of the toughest cases that ordinary law enforcement won't go near and take on criminal figures that no cop would dare go after. Excelling at gun fighting and hand to hand combat techniques, Ida and Hon are given authorization by their superiors to use any means necessary to stop the crime wave and that includes the use of excessive force if need be. Together as one, they're fighting crime their own way...but now, these two beauties find themselves squaring off against old nemesis, Ken Zhang, a deposed crime lord who is forced into exile after his men first clashed with the Angel Terminators. Now he's back with his loyal bodyguards, led by Miss Nishiwaki and ready to reclaim the spoils of his near-fallen empire. After his return, Ken tries to reconcile with Carrie, his former mistress and Hon's cousin, who is not happy to see him and has given up her old life to marry a young detective who works with Ida and Hon. However, tragedy strikes the group in more ways than one when Hon's family gets in the way of Ken's business and murder starts hitting too close to home. After Ida is framed for the death of a fellow officer who was 'on the take', the battle to bring Ken down gets personal and for the Angel Terminators, 'martial law' will be the only law that counts!
###BREAK###
Action, Drama, 