Ben & Sam
###BREAK###
What could be more tender and passionate than a love that is found during the times of unfathomable longing? At times when everything is unreal, superficial, and uncertain - if love is genuine, it will cross boundaries and will know no limits and sexual categories. But how does unconventional love carry on in the modern world where patterns of morality are still as ironically primeval as the people who creep around it? Ben is a college student who seems to be the most popular guy in campus. He lives a very luxurious life. And everything seems to be perfect and grand. Not really. He has never recovered from the horrors of his childhood under the hands of an abusive father. His mother has never recovered from his father's lost and is now suffering from an acute case of post-traumatic stress disorder - making her slowly lose her sanity. Aside from this dilemma, Ben has yet to face the greatest of it all - accepting who he really is and fighting for the person he really loves. Sam is the new guy in campus. He has transferred from the province carrying with him the burden of a painful past - his boyfriend who is a student activist was killed. All through out, he shares everything that is happening to him to a mysterious caller. Finally, when he gets to find a new love - it will be revealed in the end that the caller is no other than but his very supportive father. Ben is athletic. Sam is artistic. Ben is sad. And so is David. Ben is committed. Sam is waiting. The first kiss will reverse how their old world turns. The second kiss will stop their new found world from turning. Everything would seem to be perfect and gay. But not for long. Suddenly, they will become infamous. The butts of the jokes in the campus: Campus Queers. George, who is Ben's best friend, is secretly jealous of everything that Ben has: his girlfriend, his popularity, his otherwise charmed life - until he discovers that Ben is someone he doesn't really like. They may never have a gay ending.
###BREAK###
Drama, 