California Midnight Movies
###BREAK###
'Who Are You (Glendale Edition)' is main compilation that sparks of the rest of the six movie compilations. All movies follow two story lines; to win your first love and the story of 'The Curse' of how Pasha saves the witch with the power of faith. The Glendale Edition reveals Pasha's obsession with Caucasian women being his first love.The message follows to go for your first love and "don't go for the second best" if you cannot avail it put it to the test. Pasha explains his first love is the "Caucasian" who the evil witch interferes with. The Madonna Message: Pasha derives his thematic message in his remixed music videos of 'The Curse' from Madonna's 'Express Yourself' music video. Pasha presents this message through french subtitles in his videos 'Don't go for second best'. 'Put your love to the test'. As well as the vocals are performed harshly, violently and dominantly to put the message through to win your first love rather than to go for the second, the second 'best' is never enough. In the remixed music video editions of "Who Are You" Pasha deliberately derives his thematic message from Madonna's 'Open Your Heart' music video. Pasha in his dance portrays himself someone wanting to love but is 'trapped' if released he 'can empower you with so much love.' 'the ability to love so greatly but trapped.' The french subtitles confirm this message. The main edit in black and white "Who Are You (Blue Toys Club Mix) music video is a medley of 'The Curse' and 'Who Are You' remixes from which the film takes off. Omer Pasha stimulates energy through dance in Who Are You (Sacramento Edition), (San Diego Edition), (Santa Monica Edition) , (Hollywood City Edit), (Santa Clara Shoot) for his all white Caucasian women and men.'The Curse Creature' derives power from Christian and Jewish rituals. 'The Curse Creature is a horror looking creature that wears a black cloak. The Curse Creature loves and believes in Jesus Christ and vividly exposes himself in the Santa Barbara Edition on 'The Curse.
###BREAK###
Mystery, 