Next Victim
###BREAK###
At the Suncrest Rehabilitation Center, there is something funny going on and with all the lunatics running around, it's no small wonder! For chief resident psychiatrist, Dr. Howard it's just another day at the office. Prospering in this environment, Howard feeds on the veritable buffet of nuts, fruits, and crackers around him like manna from heaven. However, today's routine has been interrupted by the appearance of a young medical student embarking upon his first rotation at Suncrest. Thrilled by the arrival of fresh blood, Howard eagerly assumes the role of professor, escorting his new student deep into the polished halls of madness. Dr. Howard is the eccentric and seemingly unstable head of the mental institution. As he enthusiastically reveals the twisted tales of circumstance which have brought three unfortunate victims to Suncrest, his obvious delight in the particulars leaves one pondering on which side of the padded walls he actually belongs. In the doctors first tale of woe, a once aspiring and cheerful man has simply become 'Numb' from the relentless assault of negative media. On the eve of a prospectively bright future, the man's worst fears are realized, initiating his steady decline into an isolated and detached state of existence, a deranged psychopathic world where the only witness to his deteriorating condition is the local pizza delivery boy. An even darker reality looms within the realm of the Internet. Megan tries desperately to prevent her boyfriend, Jason from succumbing to the lure of on-line advertising at 'Monstercam.com' where deciphering fantasy from reality is irresistible. Close friend Kevin, a pizza delivery boy, learns the hard way that reality can be served up deep dish and even the local detectives understand that the World Wide Web is a tangled nightmare best navigated with one hell of a firewall! With all the talk of food, surely an appetite is bound to set in, and the pizza boy will not disappoint. A tantalizing dinner party given by Stephen and Kate is the setting for this final patient's story where the evil and wicked notions of the like-minded become food for thought. Only through this obscure tale can we hope to discover what goes on 'Under the Table'. The horrifying truth of which might prove too much for even Dr. Howard to swallow!
###BREAK###
Comedy, Horror, Thriller, 