Greater Southbridge
###BREAK###
The documentary Greater Southbridge cuts right to the heart, soul and funny bone of one small New England town's collection of colorful and offbeat characters. Watching these marginalized people go through their daily routines, challenges, and victories, we see a mirror of our own problems and triumphs. Despite the economic and social issues the independent film touches on, the real story of Greater Southbridge is how its four main characters become a reflection of the town and subsequently America itself. Jerry, the stuttering, can collecting, unkempt star of the film, is the heart and the greatest expression of the town. Despite his obvious disadvantages, he continues to be a positive force and inspiration on many levels within the community. Wayne has an alleged twelfth degree black belt in karate, a confirmed head injury, an extreme dislike for a certain segment of the Southbridge population and a highly suspect direct hotline to the president. Harry, the beloved Abe Lincoln look-a-like goes missing during the movie's production causing town wide concern. His big hearted and easy manner was a link to what was once a simpler and more welcoming small town past. Steve, who transforms over the span of production from a vibrant drug dealer/user into a defeated addict, prone to jail time and overdosing, embodies the disenchanted and bored youth of Southbridge. Created by native Southbridgian and first time director Rod Murphy, along with childhood friend Justin Earls and accomplished television documentary editor Scott B. Morgan, Greater Southbridge breaks the traditional documentary golden rule of unbiased, unattached observation, by becoming wholly involved in their subjects' lives. After 90 hours of quirky and heartwarming footage, many new friends and six years of filming/editing, an unanticipated sense of hometown pride arose within the filmmaker's and the post-production staff, a feeling not present at the beginning of production. The Greater Southbridge Soundtrack includes critically acclaimed indie rock bands as Spoon, American Analog Set, Drums & Tuba No +/-, Fivehead, and Sin Pelo and will be released by Tightspot Records, Spring 2003.
###BREAK###
Comedy, Documentary, 