Nekro
###BREAK###
Inspired by some actual, but never publicized facts, the NEKRO story is staged in settings and locations specific to the mid-eighties in Romania. Its basic building block is the eternal fight between God and Satan. "Securitatea", then the Communist State Security Service, spots out an illegal religious sect. David, a colonel serving with Securitatea, is assigned to eradicate the sect. He arrests the leader of the sect and subjects him to a series of sadistic interrogations. During the interrogations, David's mind blurs out. He gets revelations from the World of Darkness, and starts acting as a demon-possessed man. The leader of the sect vanishes. Diagnosed as a madman by a psychiatrist, David is dismissed from Securitatea. Eight years later, David senses the presence of his Master in the surroundings, but cannot locate him. Then, he sees on the news the former leader of the sect, who returned to Romania as a film producer. He's the Master, David has no doubt, the former leader of the sect, now a film producer, is his Master. But, as David was not cursed by God to be a Demon, he gathers the last of his strength and attempts to kill the Master. Consequently, David is arrested and taken by the police to a hospice. As all these unfold, several young women are murdered in Bucharest (the Capital City of Romania), the killings becoming braking news. The psychiatrist who diagnosed David as madman, and - who possesses psychic powers, envisions the next young woman that will be murdered. He calls and leaves a message on her answering machine. The young woman is indeed killed. Looking for clues, the police search the young woman's residence and hear the psychiatrist's message. They talk to him, and the psychiatrist relates David to the murders. The lieutenant in charge with the investigations into the killings knows that David cannot be the killer. David was under surveillance in the hospice at the time the young woman that the psychiatrist tried to prevent was murdered. The lieutenant suspects that they are dealing with a serial killer, as sex was performed on each corpse after the killing. What the lieutenant does not know though, is that the sex acts were videotaped for commercial purpose. David escapes from the hospice, and his daughter is kidnapped. His senses take him to a forest that spreads beyond the city limits, where his Master performs the killing rituals. The Master is the actual killer. He ordered the kidnapping of David's daughter. David's daughter is obviously next on the Master's list, but David's appearance in the forest complicates plans. Eventually, David is asked to perform sex on his own daughter. Instead of having sex with his own daughter, David kills her. Then, he gets killed. Was David cursed by God to be a Demon? In the life after, David defeats the evil spirit, who reincarnated itself into the leader of the sect, then into the producer. Do God and Satan exist?
###BREAK###
Thriller, 