Kaafila
###BREAK###
India in the new millennium is faced with corruption, unemployment, crime, and all-round insecurity. Many want to travel abroad to better their lives. Rashid Khan is an individual who assists them, albeit illegally, by taking huge amounts, and then transporting them to their choice of destinations, which in this case is Britain. A group of about 200 people use their lives' savings and pay Rashid, chief amongst them are dishonored Indian Army Officer Aman Kumar Sahadev; Banwari and his nephew, Prem, from Uttar Pradesh; Rajnam Venkateshwaram from Tamil Nadu; Santokh Singh from Punjab; Prof. Proveer Chatterjee from Kolkata, while others hail from Gujarat, Mumbai, Haryana, Rajasthan, Jammu, and also include people from Bangla Desh and Pakistan. This trip turns out to be nightmare as their presence is intercepted and they go into hiding and face hunger amongst other problems. They must now leave to board a ship, which encounters a storm, capsizes, killing hundreds, and leaving only a handful. They land on shore, and are met with Aman's ex-girlfriend, Niharika, who is now married to a man she does not love. Her father is a scientist who is in possession of plutonium. He gets killed, and a dying Niharika, who has been fatally shot, gives the plutonium to Aman. They travel onto Afghanistan where they are met by their guide, Palvisha, who also takes charge of the plutonium so that she can hand it over to the Northern Alliance who want to rule Afghanistan. Palvisha soon finds out that the Northern Alliance is up to no good, takes possession of the plutonium and travels to Kazakhstan, where they meet their new guide, Sameer, who decides to assist them for a huge fee. They survive many perils, and share a common bond, while someone or the other in their group always ends up getting killed by thugs, authorities, and illness. Things change dramatically when they enter Pakistan - and it is here they will all be arrested and held in prison cells - and it is here they will find the true identity of Sameer - who is not who he claims to be.
###BREAK###
Action, 