Bear Clan Station
###BREAK###
Dr. Steven Littleton has been hired by an oil corporation to boast the dwindling numbers of bears in Canada by any means possible; increase their numbers, they're taken off the endangered species list and drilling can commence. The issue being bears only hunt on sea ice and with that decreasing every year he devises a way of splicing polar bear DNA with prehistoric short faced bear DNA not realizing until it's too late that he's accidentally created a super-predator willing to hunt anything on land or sea. Hitching a ride with the local 'ice road truckers' sent to resupply the pipeline research station on the western coast of Alaska Dr. Littleton arrives to find a year after his initial trials, there has been a bear population explosion; and it's not good for the station and anyone near it. The station has been ransacked and, due to an early thaw and the ice road they traveled on earlier turning to slush, the truckers are stuck there. Trapped by the cold and the marauding bears, with their numbers being picked off, the remaining truckers must make a stand. Tank, a gun carrying misogynist, Mona, a driver with entrepreneurial dreams and Ben, a twenty something native looking to break into the business; must survive in an already hostile environment after just witnessing their fellow trucker Mike slaughtered by one of the hybrid bears. Those who have survived do their best all the while holding back Tank and his desire to make Dr. Littleton pay by sending him out into the snow to face his creation. Help does arrive in the form of two ex-special-forces hired by the oil company but their goal is not to save the Dr. and the surviving truckers but to recover the research that created the hybrid bears. Unfortunately the special-forces are no match for the new breed of bears and soon meet an end fitting of their own greed and ignorance. Ultimately Tank and Mona do survive while Dr. Littleton meets his end not in the jaws of the monstrosities he's responsible for but instead falling victim to his lack of basic winter travel knowledge combined with the ever decreasing sea ice brought on as the result of what some would attribute the flagrant burning of the very thing he was hired to facilitate; fossil fuels.
###BREAK###
Thriller, 